-*- encoding: utf-8; indent-tabs-mode: nil -*-

About "Whistling Death":

The rules booklet  includes an index of important  game concepts, each
entry pointing to  the rules paragraphs where each  concept is defined
or used. That's good!  Very good! But it does not  include an index of
all  interesting  elements appearing  in  the  various scenarios.  Too
bad...

So, like I did with "Wings of the Motherland", "Achtung Spitfire!" and
"Over the Reich", I decided to compile an index of people appearing in
the scenarios, an  index of locations, an index of  aircraft types, an
index of ships (names and classes) and  an index of units. And also an
index of typos as with WotM.

By the way, I  am sure there are some typos lurking  in *my* files and
some omissions. Please forgive me and report these typos and omissions
to me.

The scenarios are not  numbered. So I give them a  code built with the
page  number and  the sequence  of scenarios  within this  page. If  a
scenario straddles  over two  pages, I  use the  first page,  with the
scenario title.

Person names  are written with the  family name first, then  the given
name and last  the nickname (if it exists). No  rank is given, because
it  changes for  some people.

The  index  includes both  people  who  took  an  active part  in  the
scenarios and people  who only get a mention, such  as xxxxxxxxx (page
xx). When  the scenario code is  in upright characters, that  means an
active role. When the scenario code is in italics, that means a simple
mention. The same  is done for the locations, but  there might be some
inconsistencies. For example, when a  scenario describes a mission "en
route to X"  or "in the neighborhood  of Y", the scenario  codes for X
and Y are  sometimes printed in upright characters and  in other cases
they are printed in italics.

Published in BGG on 2024-xx-xx, see
https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/265372/index-persons-locations-units-and-aircraft-types-s

Lua program files are licensed under the GNU Public License, version 1
or later.

Other files  are licensed under  the "Creative Commons  Zero" license.
They are based on "Whistling Death", copyright (c) 2003 J.D. Webster
and Clash of Arms Games.
