-*- encoding: utf-8; indent-tabs-mode: nil -*-

About "Wings of the Motherland":

The rules booklet  includes an index of important  game concepts, each
entry pointing to  the rules paragraphs where each  concept is defined
or used. That's good! Very good!

But the scenario  booklet does not include any index.  I am interested
by an index of the people mentioned  in the scenarios, and by an index
of scenario locations. So here it is, the various files in the present
directory give you an index of people and an index of locations. And I
have added a errata list, mentioning a few typos I have spotted in the
booklet.

By the way, I  am sure there are some typos lurking  in *my* files and
some omissions. Please forgive me and report these typos and omissions
to me.

I am not interested by an index  of aircraft types or models, the list
of  scenarios on  pages 114-115  is sufficient  for me.  And I  am not
interested in an index of units (which would include ships' names). At
least, not yet interested. If you want,  you can use the files in this
directory to build an index of aircraft types or an index of units and
ships.

The scenario names are not given, they are replaced by codes: a letter
prefix  followed  by  the  scenario number.  The  scenario  codes  are
prefixed with "A" for air combat scenarios, with "G" for ground attack
scenarios, "N" for ship attack scenarios  ("N "is for "naval") and "M"
for mission  scale scenarios. Training  and general scenarios  are not
taken into account, they do not contain names.

Names  are  typed  in  Latin-1,  even for  Russian  people  (or  other
countries using Cyrillic). Cyrillic names are transcribed into Latin-1
using  the  English method.  For  French  (*)  and German  names  (and
possibly a few others such as Finnish, Hungarian names), I will try to
use the  proper accents, umlauts  and similar  marks, but there  is no
garantee.

(*) Since French is my native  language and since I have several books
about  Normandie-Niemen, you  can  have higher  expectations about  my
typing of French names, but still no garantee.

Person names  are written with the  family name first, then  the given
name and last  the nickname (if it exists). No  rank is given, because
it  changes for  some people.  Likewise, locations  are given  as "Don
river" rather than "river Don".

The Richthofen  problem: among the Normandie-Niemen  pilots, there are
Maurice Challe  (*) and  René Challe (two  brothers, like  Manfred and
Lothar 25  years before in  Jasta 11) and  there are Jean  Sauvage and
Roger  Sauvage (no  relationship).  So  we must  be  careful to  avoid
confusion. While writing the index,  I have also found Georgiy Golubev
and Vasiliy Golubev.  Do you know of other pilots  with names prone to
confusion?

(*) If you look for "Maurice Challe" in a search engine, you will find
that the  Richthofen problem  is even more  serious with  the "Challe"
name.  There are  two  famous "Maurice  Challe", the  Normandie-Niemen
pilot (1911--1945)  and an  unrelated Maurice Challe  (1905--1979) who
took part in the Alger putsch in 1961.

In  some  cases,  a  scenario   mentions  a  family  name  without  an
accompanying  christian name  and another  scenario mentions  the same
family name with  a christian name. For example,  scenario A1 mentions
"Georgiy Zakharov" and scenario A8  mentions "Zakharov". I have merged
these two entries. That is OK for General Zakharov, but in other cases
I am not certain they are the same person.

The  index  includes both  people  who  took  an  active part  in  the
scenarios  and people  who only  get a  mention, such  as Hans-Joachim
Marseille, Manfred  von Richthofen  and even  King Leonidas.  When the
scenario code  is in  upright characters, that  means an  active role.
When the scenario code is in italics, that means a simple mention. The
same   is  done   for  the   locations,  but   there  might   be  some
inconsistencies. For example, when a  scenario describes a mission "en
route to X"  or "in the neighborhood  of Y", the scenario  codes for X
and Y are  sometimes printed in upright characters and  in other cases
they are printed in italics.

Published in BGG on 2020-11-24, see
https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/212181/index-people-and-indes-locations-wotm-scenarios

Lua program files are licensed under the GNU Public License, version 1
or later.

Other files  are licensed under  the "Creative Commons  Zero" license.
They are based on Wings of the Motherland, copyright (c) 2018 Clash of
Arms Inc and J.D. Webster.
